Feat: add bbmap/clumpify (#236)
nf-core/seqinspector: README.md

| `Subsampling`              | [`Seqtk`](https://github.com/lh3/seqtk)                                                                             | Global subsampling of reads. Only performs subsampling if `--sample_size` parameter is given. | [RNA, DNA]              | [N/A]                                                                                   | no           |
| `Lint FASTQs`              | [`fq`](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/fq)                                                                      | fq filters, generates, subsamples, and validates FASTQ files. [RNA, DNA, synthetic]           | [N/A]                   | yes                                                                                     |
| `Trimming`                 | [`Fastp`](https://github.com/OpenGene/fastp)                                                                        | Trimming of reads. Only performs trimming if `--tools` parameter is given.                    | [RNA, DNA, synthetic]   | [N/A]                                                                                   | no           |

> | `Compression`              | [`BBMap Clumpify`](https://jgi.doe.gov/data-and-tools/software-tools/bbtools/bb-tools-user-guide/clumpify-guide/)   | Deduplicate and compress FASTQ files. Only performs clumpify if `--tools` parameter is given. | [RNA, DNA]              | [N/A]                                                                                   | no           |

Author: ```suggestion
| `Deduplication assessment` | [`BBMap Clumpify`](https://jgi.doe.gov/data-and-tools/software-tools/bbtools/bb-tools-user-guide/clumpify-guide/)   | Deduplicate and compress FASTQ files. Only performs clumpify if `--tools` parameter is given. | [RNA, DNA]              | [N/A]                                                                                   | no           |
```
